Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Bing Crosby's "You Must Have
Been A Beautiful Baby" plays]
♪ You must have been
a beautiful baby ♪
a wonderful child ♪
♪ When you were only starting
to go to kindergarten ♪
♪ I bet you drove the
little boys wild ♪
♪ And when it came to
winning blue ribbons ♪
♪ You must have shown
the other kids how ♪
♪ I can see the judges' eyes
as they handed you the prize ♪
[dog collar jingles]
♪ I bet you made the cutest bow ♪
Good morning, Juno.
I smell breakfast cooking. Do you?
Come on.
♪ 'Cause, baby, look at you now ♪
Oh, Mother.
♪ Does your mother realize ♪
♪ The stork delivered
quite a prize ♪
♪ The day he left you
on the family tree ♪
♪ Does your dad appreciate ♪
♪ That you're merely super great ♪
♪ The miracle of any century ♪
♪ If they don't just
send them both... ♪
Good morning, honey. Come on and eat.
Oh, so I finished putting
up those new shower curtains
in the motel bathrooms.
They look great.
I mean, the rooms are
looking all spiffed up now.
Great.
Good to keep up business.
Yes, and I was thinking
maybe it's time we paint.
We haven't redone the exterior
of the motel in a few years now,
and that hardware store just reopened.
I wish I could go down to the
village with you and look.
I know, Mother.
I know it's hard for you always having
to stay here in the house.
But it's what we signed on for.
And at least it's paradise here, right?
Eat your biscuits, honey,
before they get cold.
All righty, then, Mother.
I'll see you in a bit.
I imagine you will.
It's not like I'm going anywhere.
Sorry about the village.
But it's just the same
old village, though.
I know.
And I'd give up a million villages
just to be with you here forever.
- I love you, Mother.
- I love you, Norman.
[Artie Shaw & Billie Holiday's
"Any Old Time" plays]
♪ So just remember that
I am waiting, dear ♪
♪ If ever you want
me, I'll be near ♪
[foreboding music]
[crackling electricity]
- Sync and corrections by madhatters -
- www.addic7ed.com -
[suspenseful music]
[doors buzzing]
In line, inmates!
[indistinct shouting]
[grunting]
[Frank Fafara's "Only
In My Dreams" plays]
♪ Only in my dreams ♪
♪ Are you really mine, dear ♪
♪ Are you really mine ♪
♪ Only in my dreams ♪
[gasps] Oh, hello, Norman.
Mrs. Claremont. Aww.
Beautiful weather we're having, huh?
- It is.
- ♪ Only in my dreams ♪
♪ Only in my dreams ♪
♪ Do I have your love, dear ♪
♪ Have your love ♪
♪ Only in my dreams ♪
♪ In the still of the night ♪
♪ Hold you tight ♪
♪ You say good night ♪
♪ It's easy, baby ♪
♪ To love you in my
dreams every night ♪
♪ But when that sun
shines in my window ♪
♪ You leave with the night ♪
♪ Fade from sight ♪
♪ Into the night ♪
♪ Only in my dreams ♪
Oh, hi. Can I help you?
♪ Do I hold you tight, dear ♪
Yes, I think maybe you can.
♪ Only in my dreams ♪
This is a nice, soft, vintage yellow.
Oh, yes, uh...
No, that i... that is nice.
This is for an exterior, right?
It is.
I, uh... I own and... And
manage the Bates Motel.
It's... it's on the old
highway before the bypass.
I've driven by there.
I love your house; it's amazing.
Like, what mind thought that house up?
It reminds me of that Hopper painting.
Oh, exactly, yes.
My, uh... well, my mother and
I bought it several years back,
and she was always trying to fix it up.
She... she passed away,
but she would've really
loved this store.
[jazzy big band music]
She was, uh...
She was really very artistic
and always wanted
everything to be beautiful.
I think it was her way of fighting
what wasn't beautiful in the world
and things she just couldn't control.
I totally understand that.
Uh, I think I'll take these.
Great.
They're so good.
So, uh, does your husband like paint?
[laughs]
Not so much, no.
The store is definitely my baby.
What's your name?
Uh, Norman Bates.
I'm Madeleine Loomis.
Well, it's sure been nice meeting you.
Yeah.
[laughs] Now I have to
take money from you.
- Ah, yes.
- So your total is $38.64.
Um, I'm... I'm sorry, this isn't, uh...
It's not my wallet.
I... I found it in...
In one of the motel rooms.
I just meant to put it
in the lost and found box
that I have in my office.
I, um... I can't pay with this.
Would... would you just hold these
items for me till I get back?
- Of course.
- All righty.
- Thanks. I'll be back.
- I'll be here.
[indistinct chatter]
[foreboding music]
[line trilling]
Your call cannot be
accepted at this time.
Please try your call again later
[vacuum whirring]
Hi, honey, you're home.
Have you seen my wallet anywhere?
Yeah, I just saw it in your room.
You must've left without it.
Well, I have someone else's wallet,
and I don't know how I got it.
Let me see.
[tense music]
Mm, yeah.
It's not your wallet.
Should I put it in the mailbox?
No, I wouldn't do that.
No, it might belong to
someone in the motel.
They'll... They'll come looking for it.
I just don't remember
checking this person in.
Huh.
[vacuum whirring]
Mother?
Do you ever have the feeling that you've
had the same nightmare
over and over again
but that you can't remember it?
You just remember the feeling of it.
Nope.
Just keep it in the
office. Put it in the safe.
Why would I put it in the safe?
Because someone might
come looking for it,
and I don't want it to get lost.
You know what your memory's like.
I can't help it.
I know, sweetheart. I know.
Just do what I'm telling you, okay?
Put it in the safe.
Congrats on the promotion.
I heard you got the
Pine Coast Ale account.
Yeah, thanks.
I think I, uh... I think I
finally found my calling.
- Beer. Who knew?
- [chuckles]
That beer would be your calling?
I knew that.
I'm gonna run these inside real quick.
Yeah.
Hey, birthday girl.
Hey.
How's my girls?
We're good.
She was a little fussy before,
but she's calmed down now.
Oh.
How'd I get so lucky?
You had quite a tour of duty
in the lower levels of hell.
Here, give her to me.
Go enjoy your party.
I got you. I got you.
[doorbell rings] I'll get it.
[doorbell rings]
Hey.
Oh, my gosh.
Um, come in.
- Appreciate it.
- Yeah.
Thanks.
We're just throwing a party right now.
I'm sorry. Is this a bad time?
I could come back if you want.
Hey, Em, I think I'm gonna
cut the cake pretty soon.
Caleb's here.
Hey.
Yeah, she's ours.
Can I hold her?
Yeah.
Hello, Kate.
[whispering] Hey.
I was looking at pictures
on Emma's Facebook.
Not to sound creepy, but
it was a way to make sure
that you're both okay.
I saw the baby.
And I had to come.
Man, Norma Louise must be
over the moon about this.
What?
I don't really talk to
my mom or Norman anymore.
Wh... what happened?
Look, I don't... I don't
want to talk about it.
But there's a grandkid involved now.
Where're you staying, Caleb?
Ah, I... I haven't
checked in anywhere yet.
The truth is, I'm running
a little low on funds.
It took a lot of effort
to get over the border.
Um, hoping maybe I could
stay here for a few nights
until I figure out what I was doing.
Of course you can.
Yeah, we... we don't have a spare room,
but I hope the couch is okay.
No, that's great. Thank you, Emma.
Oh, man.
You want me to put my stuff somewhere?
Oh, yeah, you can just dump
your stuff in our room.
It's down the hall.
I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
- It's fine.
[eerie music]
[eerie music swells]
[Alex grunting]
Alex?
I was sorry to hear
your parole got denied.
[panting]
I wrote nothing but positive
things in my part of the report.
You work hard in your sessions.
You've been a model prisoner.
It's bullshit. It's politics.
I'm... I'm a crooked cop,
Phil; that's what they do.
Yeah, make an example out of you.
Two more years. That's all I care about.
[panting]
[dark music]
I know it was bad news.
Yes, uh, finally.
I, uh... I have a
charge from your company
on my credit card bill, but
I didn't order anything
from whoever you are...
Northwest Science Supply.
Uh, yeah, Norman Bates.
Uh, October 16th.
Could you tell me what
the charge is for?
Luminol?
Luminol, yes.
No, w-well, I-I... I
don't know what that is.
I have no idea. I
didn't order that, okay?
So... no, no, no. No.
I'm gonna get them to call you,
and then we can figure this
out, because it's ridiculous.
[door opens]
Hi.
I need a room for a few hours.
Oh, uh, a few hours?
That's right. What is
it, uh, 50, 60 bucks?
No, we don't rent rooms for a few hours.
This is the Bates Motel.
We're not that kind of establishment.
[chuckles]
Okay.
Uh, how much for a night?
$120.
Including tax.
There you go.
Can I have a key?
Uh...
Your name?
David.
David Davidson.
Uh, that's my name.
You don't need any other information.
There's the money. May I have a key?
Do let me know if I can
do anything else for you,
Mr. David Davidson.
[suspenseful music]
I can't stand not seeing you.
[dramatic music]
I want you so bad.
[woman moans, phone rings]
Bates Motel. Norman speaking.
Norman, what are you doing?
Nothing.
Okay, well, close up the
office and come upstairs.
Dinner's gonna get cold.
Okay, Mother.
I'm just coming. I'll...
I'll be right there.
[breathing deeply]
Norman? Is that you?
There you are.
Did you buy something called luminol?
No, not that I remember.
Are you sure you didn't order it?
No, I didn't order anything.
Do you know what it is?
Uh, no... it just sounds
like a cleaning product.
Come and sit down.
I'm sure the receipt's
somewhere in the house.
Come.
I hate having blackouts.
Well, you could start
taking your medicine again.
I don't want to take it, Mother.
I saw the paint swatches.
I like the yellow for the motel.
It's exactly the color
I would've picked out.
Oh, good.
It was the woman who runs the store
who actually picked it out.
Who is she?
Oh... oh, she's just a woman.
Uh, Madeleine. I think that's her name.
Yeah, Madeleine Loomis.
Loomis? That's a funny name.
A name's a name.
And, uh, she's very nice.
She's... she's very artistic.
You know, it's a big job
painting this place all by myself,
and I just think she'll be helpful.
[eerie music]
How old is she?
She's...
- [stammering]
- What?
I don't know.
[stammering] Y-y-you know
I'm... you know I'm...
You know I'm just bad at guessing ages.
40, 50, 60?
I'd say late 20s.
Ah.
And what does that mean, "ah"?
Ah, it means "ah,"
as in, "Oh, how about that?"
First of all, Mother, she is married.
Oh, that can be irrelevant.
No, second of all,
she works in a store,
and I'm going to go in and
just buy some paint from her.
So do you really have
a problem with that?
- No.
- Good.
I just don't know what you're thinking.
Mother, I'm not thinking anything.
She is just a nice girl.
Would it really be that
awful if I had a friend?
Oh, here we go.
Oh, Mother, what is wrong with you?
What is wrong with me?
Well, let me see, for, uh...
Let's see, for starters,
I am dead.
And why am I pretending to be dead?
So I could get away from everyone
and everything that could
distract me from you, okay?
I know that, and I appreciate it.
You appreciate it?
Appreciate, like I baked you
a coffee cake or something?
I spend 24/7 in this house
looking after you, feeding you,
bolstering your moods,
doing your laundry.
I can't leave!
I can't go anywhere!
I'm going nuts here!
I literally gave up my
life to protect you.
Okay? To give you a
life without trouble.
And we're doing it,
right? We're doing it.
I mean, a mentally ill
boy and a dead woman.
We're actually doing it.
We're... we have customers.
We... we... we have a life.
I know, and I appreciate it.
Stop saying you appreciate it!
[tense music]
I'm sorry, Mother.
It's not fair to you. I know that.
It's not that, okay? It's
not... it's not that.
It's that...
you... you just can't have
other people in your life.
I mean, what are you
gonna do? Bring her over?
I mean, where am I
gonna go? In a closet?
I'm not gonna bring her here to dinner.
[stammering] It's...
this... This is absurd.
I know you, Norman.
Come on, I know you. I know
you better than anyone.
You can't have other
people in your life,
especially women.
You're just making my job harder.
Your job?
Protecting you.
Do you understand?
I'm not hungry.
Mother...
[door slams open]
[suspenseful music]
[motor humming]
[dark music]
What dream am I in, Mother?
[dramatic music swells]
[whispering] Hi. Hi.
Good morning.
You get some sleep?
Yeah, I did. It was amazing.
[grunts]
Hello.
Where's Caleb?
Uh, he went to town to get some...
Some bagels and coffee.
Oh, that's sweet.
You know, um, uh...
[stammering] I'm k... I'm kind
of starting to get the feeling
that he wants to move here to Seattle
to be near us.
Yeah, I have that feeling, too.
[stammering] I don't... I
don't know what to say to him.
I mean...
I don't know... he's... He's my dad,
and he's... he's trying
to make an effort.
[whispering] Yeah.
The truth is, Em...
Caleb came up with a bunch of money
to help pay for your transplant.
He did?
Yeah.
[somber music]
Yeah, and it... it was really dangerous,
but he... but he did it to help me,
because he knew how much I loved you.
Dylan.
He didn't want me to tell you, and I...
I never wanted to tell you.
It's... but...
You know, I feel like we're
the only family that he has,
and, I mean, he... He
can't go live by Norma.
H... how can I turn him away?
I... I don't know, I feel like I...
Like I have to give him a chance.
[sighs] [whispering] I don't know.
I don't know, Kate.
[eerie music]
- Mother.
- [door opens]
Hello?
[bell dings]
[warm music]
Hi.
I brought you some sample cans of paint
and brushes so you can
try out the colors.
Well, that's incredibly kind of you.
Oh, I found my wallet, actually.
You can pay me later.
I felt bad; I should've just
told you that yesterday.
No, no... Oh, no, no, no.
I was actually gonna
stop by later today.
Thank you.
Let me walk you to your car.
Okay, good.
This place is awfully cute.
We, uh... I... I like it.
I'd love to see the house.
Oh, yeah, well, I'd
love to show it to you.
It's just a little bit
of a mess right now, so.
You live here all alone
since your mom died?
Uh-huh.
[dramatic music]
I mean, there's the guests,
of course, so that helps.
You know, there's a lot of
things you can get involved in.
There's a small business
owners' meeting tonight in town.
You have a small
business. You should come.
It's tonight at 7:00
in the old courthouse.
I... I would really like to.
I'm just not sure that I could get away.
Well, think about it...
If you can come to the meeting.
Yes, I will.
[dishes clatter]
[chuckles]
Oh, God. I hope I didn't wake you up.
[laughs] I'm sorry.
I was just so hungry.
You ever wake up in the
middle of the night,
and you just need to eat something?
Oh, my God, all the time,
especially in my second trimester.
I ate so much.
[both laughing]
Were you, um, scared?
I mean, being pregnant?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, it happened.
We did not plan it, but...
I just felt so strong,
like life had given me a second chance.
Can I... can I talk to
you about something?
Yeah, of course.
Well, I want to thank you.
For...
what?
For what you did for me
to help me get the surgery.
[dramatic music]
I can't tell you.
I never dreamed before
of having a real life.
I knew I was gonna die.
But you stopped that.
And I will always, always be grateful.
It was my pleasure.
Truly.
But you have to leave.
It kills me to say this, but...
You being here is gonna force Dylan
to live a lie with his daughter
every time you're in the house.
I don't know the exact circumstances
of how he came into this world,
but I know enough to know
that you're putting him
in an impossible position.
I understand.
- I wish it could be different.
- It's okay.
I guess my coming here was kind of...
It was my own self-denial.
I know you're right.
Hey, you should get back to sleep.
Don't worry about anything.
I'll just, um...
I'll clean up here when I'm done
and turn the lights out.
It's all good.
Thank you.
[sighs]
Are you going somewhere?
Oh, yes, actually, there's this...
boring meeting in town
for small business owners.
I just thought I probably should attend.
Small business owners
as in hardware stores?
Mother...
It's fine. Go ahead.
- Really?
- Yeah, go ahead.
But you can't take the car.
Why not? It's not like you need it.
You aren't supposed to be driving.
I have driven the car, you know, Mother.
Many times. You know that.
But you shouldn't be;
you have blackouts.
[suspenseful music]
Is this just your passive-aggressive way
of getting me not to go to the meeting?
You know, Norman, sometimes
you can be so full of yourself.
No, no... this is not my way
of keeping you from doing anything
except having blackouts
while you're driving.
Okay? Just walk.
You know what?
I don't have time to just walk, Mother.
I'll miss most of it.
I think I'm gonna drive.
[engine turns over]
[tires screeching]
Mother...
get back in that house right now.
You should not be out here.
Well, you shouldn't be driving.
If you're not gonna live by the rules,
I'm not gonna live by the rules.
Keep your voice down!
[whispering] You are
gonna get us caught!
- Okay...
- What are you trying to prove?
Norman, you do not have autonomy here.
You can't just make unilateral decisions
about everybody else, like
you're the little dictator.
I am just driving to a meeting.
Oh, I know what you're doing,
and I know why you're doing it.
I know everything about you...
What scares you, what you want,
what you Google.
Oh, so you're looking
on my computer now?
Yeah, that's what I'm doing,
looking at your computer.
No, I'm not looking at your computer.
I know you.
I know you better than
you know yourself.
And that's why you make me so angry...
Because you keep doing shit that
just makes more work for me.
Asking me questions that I
can't give you answers to
because I'm just trying
to take care of you.
Well, who asked you to take care of me?
What do you think you're
trying to protect me from?
No one is trying to hurt me.
Fine!
Come with me!
[tense string music]
You want to see what I do for you?
No, I don't, Mother.
Let's just drop this.
A little late for that.
Look in here.
I don't want to look in there.
Mother, never mind, okay?
Do you remember the night
you were putting up the shower curtains?
No.
Do you remember a man showing up?
No, Mother, no, I don't.
You Norman Bates?
I don't want to remember.
It's too late!
Why was he trying to kill me, Mother?
I don't know.
How did you get into
the room so quickly?
Huh? Why were you even outside?
I don't know.
What is wrong with us, Mother?
I don't know, Norman! I don't know!
[slicing]
All I know is that the
world is full of bad people.
And we cannot trust
anyone from the outside.
It is you and me, Norman.
That is all we have.
We would die without each
other, do you understand that?
[somber music]
Yes, Mother, I understand.
It's gonna be okay.
Well, it's not like we
haven't done this before.
We've just got to get rid of him.
Well, I was gonna put him in
the car while you were out...
Just dump him somewhere
while you were out.
That's why I needed the car.
Well, let's just get started.
[Etta James' "At Last" plays]
[slow jazzy music]
♪ At last ♪
♪ My love has come along ♪
♪ My lonely days ♪
♪ Are over ♪
♪ And life is like a song ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ At last ♪
♪ The stars above are blue ♪
♪ My heart was
wrapped up in clover ♪
♪ The night I looked at you ♪
♪ I found a dream ♪
♪ That I could speak to ♪
Look at the moon.
It's so pretty how it
reflects on the water.
You just couldn't make nature up
in a million years, could you?
No, Mother, I don't suppose you could.
♪ I found a thrill ♪
♪ To press my cheek to ♪
Mother?
Yes, honey?
What are we trying to do, exactly?
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah, you smiled ♪
What everyone's trying to do...
Just trying to survive.
♪ Oh, and then the spell was cast ♪
But why was he trying to kill me?
I don't know.
♪ And here we are ♪
♪ In Heaven ♪
This feels deep enough.
♪ For you are mine ♪
♪ At last ♪
[cell phone ringing]
Turn it off!
Someone's gonna hear it.
- I'm trying.
- Norman, hurry.
[ringing]
Just chuck it in the
water! Make it shut up.
An inmate at the Bend
Correctional Facility
is attempting to contact you.
To accept the call, press 1.
Norman, what are you doing?
[foreboding music]
Jim?
Y-you there?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org